I tell you that the commander is a hero
Impostor is a capital offense
What, you said I was impersonating?
Is it impersonation?
Don't you have a point in your heart?
Humph
You're jealous that your woman likes me
Just want to slander me
It's you, a KTV waiter.
How dare you tease Zhan Shuai
Do you not want to live?
Religion? Believe me, he's just pretending. Enough.
You've been a frog in the well
How can you know the majesty of the commander?
Impostor dies
Who would dare to take revenge?
Just kid
If you don't get out, don't blame me for bullying the small
I will crush you to death, this ant.
Sure. You are welcome
Come and crush me
Since you want to die
I'll let you kill him and send him to the crematorium
Yes, what's wrong with him?
Ming Jiao is just a KTV waiter
Poor grassroots warrior
You don't have to know him in general
Give him a break.
I want to spare him too
But I don't blame him for wanting to die
But I don't want my family to die either.
Lord Zhan Shuai, give me face
I'll talk to him.
Okay, for the sake of you being my sweetheart
I'll give you face
You hurry up and persuade him
Otherwise he's a poor corpse
Do you hear me?
Go away
Do you want your family to collect your body?